ASA core modules (#641)
LLNL/sundials: doc/shared/sunmatrix/SUNMatrix_Operations.rst

   .. code-block:: c

      retval = SUNMatMatvec(A, x, y);

.. c:function:: SUNErrCode SUNMatHermitianTransposeVec(SUNMatrix A, N_Vector x, N_Vector y)

>    Performs the matrix-vector product :math:`y \gets A^Tx`.  It should
>    only be called with vectors :math:`x`` and :math:`y` that are compatible with
>    the matrix :math:`A^T` -- both in storage type and dimensions.  The return
>    value denotes the success/failure of the operation:
> 
>    .. math::
>       y_i = \sum_{j=1}^n A_{j,i} x_j, \quad i=1,\ldots,m.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Performs the matrix-vector product :math:`y \gets A^*x` where :math:`*` is the
   Hermitian (conjugate) transpose.   It should only be called with vectors :math:`x`
   and :math:`y` that are compatible with the matrix :math:`A^*` -- both in storage
   type and dimensions.  The return value denotes the success/failure of the operation:

   .. math::
      y_i = \sum_{j=1}^n \bar{A}_{j,i} x_j, \quad i=1,\ldots,m.
      
   where :math:`\bar{c}` denotes the complex conjugate of :math:`c`.  
```
